<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Source Files</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>

<body xml:lang="en">
  <section epub:type="bibliography">
    <h1>Source Files For This Book</h1>

    <p class="first">These files are available individually and as a single downloadable zip file on the <a href="http://www.diagramcenter.org/standards-and-practices/accessible-image-sample-book.html">DIAGRAM Center website</a>.</p>

    <ol>
      <li>Sample 1: Heart and Lung Diagram (diagram and key) - tactile graphic</li>

      <li>Sample 1: Heart and Lung Diagram (numbered text) - tactile graphic</li>

      <li>Sample 3a: Institutional Discrimination Bar Chart (key) - tactile graphic</li>

      <li>Sample 3a: Institutional Discrimination Bar Chart (graph) - tactile graphic</li>

      <li>Sample 5: Angles on a Survey Map - tactile graphic</li>

      <li>Sample 5: Angles on a Survey Map - Content Model XML</li>
    </ol>
  </section>

  <section>
    <h1>Image Citations</h1>

    <ul>
      <li>Sample 1: Heart and Lung Diagram: <i>Health and Wellness</i>, by L. Meeks and P. Heit. Copyright 2006 by Macmillan/McGraw-Hill, ISBN 0-02-280378-5/7.</li>

      <li>Sample 2: Map of North America: <i>America Past and Present, Tenth Edition</i>, by Robert Divine, T.H. Breen, George M. Frederickson, R. Hal Williams, Ariela J. Gross, and H. W. Brands. Copyright 2013, 2011, 2007 by Pearson Education, Inc., Upper Saddle River, NJ. </li>

      <li>Sample 3a: Institutional Discrimination Bar Chart: <i>Essentials of Sociology, A Down-to-Earth Approach, Ninth Edition</i>, by James M. Henslin. Copyright 2011 by Pearson Education, Inc., Boston, MA.</li>

      <li>Sample 3b: Quadratic Functions and Their Graphs: <i>Beginning and Intermediate Algebra with Applications and Visualization, Third Edition</i>, by Gary K. Rockswold and Terry A. Krieger. Copyright 2013 by Pearson Education, Inc., Boston, MA. </li>

      <li>Sample 5: Angles on a Survey Map: <i>Angles on a Survey Map</i>, by CTB/McGraw-Hill. Copyright 2000 by Colorado Department of Education.</li>
    </ul>
  </section>
</body>
</html>